#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   openai
    #   starlette
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via langchain
backports-asyncio-runner==1.2.0
    # via pytest-asyncio
black==25.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
build==1.2.2.post1
    # via pip-tools
certifi==2025.6.15
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via requests
click==8.2.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   pip-tools
    #   uvicorn
diskcache==5.6.3
    # via llama-cpp-python
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
exceptiongroup==1.3.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   pytest
fastapi==0.116.1
    # via -r requirements.in
filelock==3.18.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
fsspec==2025.5.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
greenlet==3.2.3
    # via sqlalchemy
h11==0.16.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
hf-xet==1.1.5
    # via huggingface-hub
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
huggingface-hub==0.33.1
    # via
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==8.7.0
    # via build
iniconfig==2.1.0
    # via pytest
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   llama-cpp-python
    #   torch
jiter==0.10.0
    # via openai
joblib==1.5.1
    # via scikit-learn
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
langchain==0.3.26
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-core==0.3.66
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-text-splitters
    #   langgraph
    #   langgraph-checkpoint
    #   langgraph-prebuilt
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.8
    # via langchain
langgraph==0.4.8
    # via -r requirements.in
langgraph-checkpoint==2.1.0
    # via
    #   langgraph
    #   langgraph-prebuilt
langgraph-prebuilt==0.2.2
    # via langgraph
langgraph-sdk==0.1.70
    # via langgraph
langsmith==0.4.1
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
llama-cpp-python==0.3.9
    # via -r requirements.in
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via black
networkx==3.4.2
    # via torch
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   llama-cpp-python
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   transformers
openai==1.88.0
    # via -r requirements.in
orjson==3.10.18
    # via
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langsmith
ormsgpack==1.10.0
    # via langgraph-checkpoint
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   black
    #   build
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   pytest
    #   transformers
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via black
pillow==11.2.1
    # via sentence-transformers
pip-tools==7.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
platformdirs==4.3.8
    # via black
pluggy==1.6.0
    # via pytest
pydantic==2.11.7
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langgraph
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pygments==2.19.1
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   rich
pyproject-hooks==1.2.0
    # via
    #   build
    #   pip-tools
pytest==8.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest-asyncio
pytest-asyncio==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dotenv==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   transformers
regex==2024.11.6
    # via transformers
requests==2.32.4
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langsmith
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   transformers
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
rich==14.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
safetensors==0.5.3
    # via transformers
scikit-learn==1.7.0
    # via sentence-transformers
scipy==1.15.3
    # via
    #   scikit-learn
    #   sentence-transformers
sentence-transformers==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   openai
sqlalchemy==2.0.41
    # via langchain
starlette==0.47.3
    # via fastapi
sympy==1.14.0
    # via torch
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via langchain-core
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via scikit-learn
tokenizers==0.21.2
    # via transformers
tomli==2.2.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   build
    #   pip-tools
    #   pytest
torch==2.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sentence-transformers
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   openai
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
transformers==4.53.0
    # via sentence-transformers
typing-extensions==4.14.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   black
    #   exceptiongroup
    #   fastapi
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   llama-cpp-python
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   rich
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   starlette
    #   torch
    #   typing-inspection
    #   uvicorn
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via pydantic
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via requests
uvicorn==0.35.0
    # via -r requirements.in
wheel==0.45.1
    # via pip-tools
xxhash==3.5.0
    # via langgraph
zipp==3.23.0
    # via importlib-metadata
zstandard==0.23.0
    # via langsmith

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
